Each flock has an id
Boids of the same flock fly together with the rules
When they find another bird from another flock, they avoid it
Same with obstacles
All boids are stored in a list, and moved around in the global quadtree 
every frame
In the side bar screen i will hold the settings (using another view) where
i can switch between "game modes" like the predator simulation, the neural network,
and the main ones. Youll start  over each one every time you click it, and you can make a reset
function to put a "blank canvas"

Priorities on the collision detection for the boids

Neural network gets area around him as input and outputs a vector (?) containing which direction to
rotate, and the "urgency" or how much it should rotate/maybe speed?

Make a global game class, and then a menu/simulation game class that inherits from it

If no flock added, dont give option to add boid, or make the button add a flock.

Make default the sandbox mode with normal walls, else map,neural network,predator,etc.
maybe choose between random generated or chosen maps, then choose if youd like to run a normal simulation, or a neural network one, and you can add predators and that stuff in both types

Different ids, different types of simulations. Menu setups buttons based on id. enum for each type, then 
switch case to change between the different simulations.

template boid
Aiboid,simmulation boid,user boid
user boid controllable by mouse or keys(speed by distance of mouse) when out of screen change to keys(go back to moiuse if chosen)
button to choose for mode of moving,menu screen for user only,do other boids see you? god mode.
ai boid moves from other reasons but all boid have a move class, they depend on something else tho, virtual get direction

show information of a specific boid (show its range, vertices to other boids, its info)

place buttons based on index, not on position

Create button templates and just set their texts/functions to make changing scenes easier

choose different trail options

make function for 1 boid, then make flock function that works for all boids (for button selecting)

Make the menu have different tabs (simulation type, flock, boid)
Make 1 menu for simulation type, make the other for changing flock ids, boid ids, and have an option for 
select all in flock and select all boids.